added to kotlin hashmap docs information about accessing and adding items (#1728)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/hashmap/hashmap.md

val mutableMap = mutableMapOf<KeyType, ValueType>()
val immutableMap = mapOf<KeyType, ValueType>()
```
## Accessing Items

> To access an item in a `HashMap`, you can use the indexing operator [] with the key of the desired value. If the key exists in the hashmap, the indexing operator will return the corresponding value. If the key does not exist in the hashmap, the indexing operator will return null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access an item in a `HashMap`, the indexing operator [] is used with the key of the desired value. If the key exists in the hashmap, the indexing operator will return the corresponding value. If the key does not exist in the hashmap, the indexing operator will return null.
```

```kotlin
fun main() {
  val locationsMap = HashMap<String, String>()

  locationsMap.put("USA", "Washington D.C.")
  locationsMap.put("India", "New Delhi")
  locationsMap.put("Nigeria", "Abuja")
  locationsMap.put("France", "Paris")

  val capital = locationsMap["USA"]
  println(capital)
}
```

This will print the following output:

```shell
Washington D.C.
```

> You can also use the get(key) method to access the value associated with a specific key. This method returns the value associated with the key if it exists in the hashmap, or null if it does not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the `.get(key)` method to access the value associated with a specific key. This method returns the value associated with the key if it exists in the hashmap, or null if it does not.
```

```kotlin
val capital = locationsMap.get("India")
println(capital)
```

This will print the following output:

```shell
New Delhi
```

## Adding Items

> To add an item to a hashmap, you can use the put(key, value) method. This method adds a new key-value pair to the hashmap. If the key already exists in the hashmap, the value associated with the key is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add an item to a hashmap, you can use the `.put(key, value)` method. This method adds a new key-value pair to the hashmap. If the key already exists in the hashmap, the value associated with the key is updated.
```

```kotlin
locationsMap.put("China", "Beijing")
```

> You can also use the indexing operator [] to add a new key-value pair to the hashmap. This method is useful if you want to add a new item to the hashmap and you do not know if the key already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the indexing operator `[]` to add a new key-value pair to the hashmap. This method is useful if you want to add a new item to the hashmap and you do not know if the key already exists.
```

```kotlin
locationsMap["Germany"] = "Berlin"
```

> Let's print the capital cities of the countries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following prints the capital cities of the countries:
```
